guide: make plots guide (#3830)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/plots/index.md

## Description

> `dvc plots` subcommands configure and visualize data and images produced by
> machine learning projects.

Reviewer: I see this follows the pattern in the [`exp` ref](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/exp#description). That can work 👍🏼 

But what about going with something like the [`cache`](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/cache) and  [`stage`](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/stage#description) refs instead? That is: a brief paragraph around the concept in question, then one with a summary of each subcommand.

I'm honestly not sure which pattern to go with but it may be a good time to decide (we'll need it again to finish https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2572).

For now, quick suggestion on existing text:
```suggestion
`dvc plots` subcommands help you visualize and compare data or images
produced by machine learning projects, letting you fully customize graph
settings and style.
```

- `-q`, `--quiet` - do not write anything to standard output.

- `-v`, `--verbose` - displays detailed tracing information.

## Example: Offline HTML Template

The plots generated by `dvc plots` uses Vega-Lite JavaScript libraries, and by
default these load [online resources](https://vega.github.io/vega/usage/#embed).

> There may be times when you need to produce plots without Internet access, or

Reviewer: I think all these examples still belong more to the cmf ref, at least for consistency (open to discuss) ...

Reviewer: > Would you suggest putting them in https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/plots/show?

No @dberenbaum I was thinking to keep them where they were but I realize now that's out of context since all the plot template info is in the new guide now. But...
